“And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.” 
tag: heart, importance, inspiration, secret
“All grown-ups were once children... but only few of them remember it.” 
tag: reminding
“It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.” 
tag: caring, inspirational, love, roses, time 
“The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or touched, they are felt with the heart.” 
tag: inspirational
“What makes the desert beautiful,' said the little prince, 'is that somewhere it hides a well...” 
tag: inspirational 
“I am looking for friends. What does that mean -- tame?""It is an act too often neglected," said the fox. "It means to establish ties.""To establish ties?""Just that," said the fox. "To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world....” “People have forgotten this truth," the fox said. "But you mustn’t forget it. You become responsible forever for what you’ve tamed. You’re responsible for your rose.” 
tag: friendship, love, responsibility
“Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them” 
tag: adults, children, philosophy, the-little-prince 
“You - you alone will have the stars as no one else has them...In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night...You - only you - will have stars that can laugh.”― Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, El Principito  “Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.” 
tag: butterflies, caterpillars, philosophy
“It is such a mysterious place, the land of tears.” 
tag: mystery, tears
“You're beautiful, but you're empty...One couldn't die for you. Of course, an ordinary passerby would think my rose looked just like you. But my rose, all on her own, is more important than all of you together, since she's the one I've watered. Since she's the one I put under glass, since she's the one I sheltered behind the screen. Since she's the one for whom I killed the caterpillars (except the two or three butterflies). Since she's the one I listened to when she complained, or when she boasted, or even sometimes when she said nothing at all. Since she's my rose.” 
tag: caring, inspirational, love, roses, uniqueness  
“You see, one loves the sunset when one is so sad.” “People where you live," the little prince said, "grow five thousand roses in one garden... yet they don't find what they're looking for...They don't find it," I answered.And yet what they're looking for could be found in a single rose, or a little water..."Of course," I answered.And the little prince added, "But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.” 
tag: inspirational , heart 
“You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.” 
tag: responsibility  
“Where are the people?” resumed the little prince at last. “It’s a little lonely in the desert…” “It is lonely when you’re among people, too,” said the snake.” 
tag: loneliness  
“If you love a flower that lives on a star, it is sweet to look at the sky at night. All the stars are a-bloom with flowers...” 
tag: love  
“All men have stars, but they are not the same things for different people. For some, who are travelers, the stars are guides. For others they are no more than little lights in the sky. For others, who are scholars, they are problems... But all these stars are silent. You-You alone will have stars as no one else has them... In one of the stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars will be laughing when you look at the sky at night..You, only you, will have stars that can laugh! And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me... You will always be my friend. You will want to laugh with me. And you will sometimes open your window, so, for that pleasure... It will be as if, in place of the stars, I had given you a great number of little bells that knew how to laugh” 
tag: live-well-love-much-love-often
“And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me. You will always be my friend. You will want to laugh with me. And you will sometimes open your window, so, for that pleasure . . . And your friends will be properly astonished to see you laughing as you look up at the sky! Then you will say to them, 'Yes, the stars always make me laugh!' And they will think you are crazy. It will be a very shabby trick that I shall have played on you...” 
tag: grief
“You're beautiful, but you're empty. No one could die for you.” 
tag: beauty
“She cast her fragrance and her radiance over me. I ought never to have run away from her... I ought to have guessed all the affection that lay behind her poor little stratagems. Flowers are so inconsistent! But I was too young to know how to love her...” 
tag: flowers, love, roses 
“So the little prince tamed the fox. And when the hour of his departure drew near--Ah," said the fox, "I shall cry."It is your own fault," said the little prince. "I never wished you any sort of harm; but you wanted me to tame you . . ."Yes, that is so," said the fox.But now you are going to cry!" said the little prince.Yes, that is so," said the fox.Then it has done you no good at all!"It has done me good," said the fox, "because of the color of the wheat fields.”    “Grown-ups love figures... When you tell them you've made a new friend they never ask you any questions about essential matters. They never say to you "What does his voice sound like? What games does he love best? Does he collect butterflies? " Instead they demand "How old is he? How much does he weigh? How much money does his father make? " Only from these figures do they think they have learned anything about him.”    “I remembered the fox. One runs the risk of crying a bit if one allows oneself to be tamed.” 
tag: inspirational, fault
“A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.”― Antoine de Saint-Exupery, The Little Prince
tag: creativity, inspirational  
“But if you tame me, then weshall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, Ishall be unique in all the world.” 
tag: needs, world, uniqueness
“In those days, I didn't understand anything. I should have judged her according to her actions, not her words. She perfumed my planet and lit up my life. I should never have run away! I ought to have realized the tenderness underlying her silly pretensions. Flowers are so contradictory! But I was too young to know how to love her.”    “When someone blushes, doesn't that mean 'yes'?”    “I have lived a great deal among grown-ups. I have seen them intimately, close at hand. And that hasn’t much improved my opinion of them.” 
tag: childlike-wonder, maturity  
“I did not know how to reach him, how to catch up with him... The land of tears is so mysterious.” “The proof that the little prince existed is that he was charming, that he laughed, and that he was looking for a sheep. If anybody wants a sheep, that is a proof that he exists.” 
tag: existentialism  
“To forget a friend is sad. Not everyone has had a friend.” 
tag: loneliness  
“I am who I am and I have the need to be.”
tag: existentialism    
“But if you come at just any time, I shall never know at what hour my heart is to be ready to greet you.” 
tag: heart, time  
“No one is ever satisfied where he is.” 
tag: inspirational, philosophy
“Please-tame me!' he said.'I want to, very much,' the little prince replied. 'But I have not much time. I have friends to discover, and a great many things to understand.''One only understands the things that one tames,' said the fox. 'Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at the shops. But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and so men have no friends any more. If you want a friend, tame me.''What must I do, to tame you?' asked the little prince.'You must be very patient,' replied the fox. 'First you will sit down at a little distance from me-like that-in the grass. I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings. But you will sit a little closer to me, every day...” 
tag: love, friendship 
“I was too young to know how to love her.”
tag: love, friendship     
“In one of those stars I shall be living. In one of them I shall be laughing. And so it will be as if all the stars were laughing, when you look at the sky at night. And when your sorrow is comforted (time soothes all sorrows) you will be content that you have known me. You will always be my friend...I shall not leave you.”    “For millions of years flowers have been producing thorns. For millions of years sheep have been eating them all the same. And it's not serious, trying to understand why flowers go to such trouble to produce thorns that are good for nothing? It's not important, the war between the sheep and the flowers? It's no more serious and more important than the numbers that fat red gentleman is adding up? Suppose I happen to know a unique flower, one that exists nowhere in the world except on my planet, one that a little sheep can wipe out in a single bite one morning, just like that, without even realizing what he'd doing - that isn't important? If someone loves a flower of which just one example exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars. He tells himself 'My flower's up there somewhere...' But if the sheep eats the flower, then for him it's as if, suddenly, all the stars went out. And that isn't important?” 
tag: flowers, importance, longing, love, protection, roses, sheep, stars, thorns, uniqueness, war  
“I wonder,” he said, “whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again...” 
tag: inspirational, lovely  
“Of course, I love you,' the flower said to him. 'If you were not aware of it, it was my fault.”
tag: love, confession
“One day," you said to me, "I saw the sunset forty-four times!"And a little later you added:"You know-- one loves the sunset, when one is so sad...""Were you so sad, then?" I asked, "on the day of the forty-four sunsets?"But the little prince made no reply.”― Antoine de Saint Exupery, The Little Prince   “Words are the source of misunderstandings.” 
tag: sad
“I have always loved the desert. One sits down on a desert sand dune, sees nothing, hears nothing. Yet through the silence something throbs, and gleams...” 
tag: desert, silence
“If you come at four in the afternoon, I'll begin to be happy by three.” 
tag: afternoon, anticipation, friend, happy, visit 
“But the conceited man did not hear him. Conceited people never hear anything but praise.” 
tag: conceit, praise 
“It is much more difficult to judge oneself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom."What matters most are the simple pleasures so abundant that we can all enjoy them...Happiness doesn't lie in the objects we gather around us. To find it, all we need to do is open our eyes.” “One runs the risk of weeping a little, if one lets himself be tamed.” “The only things you learn are the things you tame” 
tag: determination, education, learning, persistence 
“Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at the shops. But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and so men have no friends any more. If you want a friend, tame me...”    “C'est le temps que tu a perdu pour ta rose qui fait ta rose si importante.”    “People have stars, but they aren't the same. For travelers, the stars are guides. For other people, they're nothing but tiny lights. And for still others, for scholars, they're problems... But all those stars are silent stars. You, though, you'll have stars like nobody else... since I'll be laughing on one of them, for you it'll be as if all the stars are laughing. You'll have stars that can laugh!... and it'll be as if I had given you, instead of stars, a lot of tiny bells that know how to laugh ...”   “It's the time you spent on your rose that makes your rose so important...People have forgotten this truth, but you mustn't forget it. You become responsible forever for what you've tamed. You're responsible for your rose.” 
tag: money
“Look at the sky. Ask yourselves: Has the sheep eaten the flower, yes or no? And you will see how everything changes...”  
tag: changes, loss
“It is much more difficult to judge oneself than to judge others.”
tag: inspirational
“The thing that is important is the thing that is not seen.”
tag: inspirational, philosophy
“To forget a friend is sad. Not every one has had a friend. And if I forget him, I may become like the grown−ups who are nolonger interested in anything but figures..”
tag: friendship, memory
“What does tamed mean? It's something that's been too often neglected. It means to create ties.” 
tag: friendship, love
